Black Bacardi,
Dancing in my bed
Don't tell me "Enough!"
Take off your dress
Black Bacardi,
Dancing in my bed
Don't tell me "Enough!"
Take off your dress
Music dances behind
This party will shroud us.
In a black car
Take all of me
Black Tattoos
You and I are cool
Cool Tattoos,
Black cocktails.
Your tattoos
Don't give me any rest.
Your hands are sweaty,
I'm definitely not myself.
My eyes are hungry,
I take you standing,
I so want to try you on.
Come to me!
Black Bacardi,
Dancing in my bed
Don't tell to me "Enough!"
Take off your dress!
Black Bacardi,
Dancing in my bed
Don't tell to me "Enough!"
Take off your dress!
She looks at me so silly,
She is swung by the atmosphere of the club
Music, see off us!
Music, charge us!
Music, entirely confuse us!
Your tattoos
Don't give me rest.
Your palms are sweaty,
I'm definitely not myself.
My eyes are hungry,
Take you standing,
I so want to try you on.
Go to me!
Black Bacardi,
Dancing in my bed
Do not tell me "Enough!"
Take off your dress!
Black Bacardi,
dances in my bed
Do not tell me "Enough!"
Take off your dress!
Black Bacardi,
dances in my bed
Don't tell me "Enough!"
Take off your dress!
Black Bacardi,
dances in my bed
Don't tell to me "Enough!"
Take off your dress
BLACK!